SAM

You walked towards the basement in a distracted manner. Since the basement was very dark, you could only rely on the faint light of his cell phone to walk down the stairs." clomp" " clomp " " clomp..." When he reached the bottom of the stairs, a light illuminated his eyes, and he took a closer look, "Hey! I found a treasure box!!!" He shouted.
He cautiously walked towards the treasure box. It was a box made of gold. Strangely, in this dark basement, this golden box glowed with an extremely shining light. What will you do? (Will you ignore the box and continue explore (1) OR Open the golden box (2)?)
Box Ignore continue explore (1) Continue to part two
Open the golden box (2) you opened the box and there was a golden key inside. you picked up the key, and all of a sudden, dozens of small spiders crawled out from under the box. What will you do? (Will you stomp them to death (1) OR Run away (2)?)
Stomp Spider (1) More little spiders crawl out from under the box and devour you. You are death!
Run from Box (2) You turn around and run frantically toward the stairs. At this point, you find the basement door is locked, you kick the door hard, but unfortunately the door is too strong. Just when you are desperate, you find that the basement becomes very quiet. So you walked down the stairs in fear. You find that the boxes and spiders have disappeared, so you turn on your cell phone flashlight and keep moving forward. (Continue to part two)




Part two
With the bright light of your phone's flash, you notice a huge cross being hung on the wall. There is a black coffin under the cross. You walk over to it. What will you do? (Open the coffin OR Ignore it?)
Open Coffin (1) You find a human skeleton. The human skeleton is holding a green gemstone tightly in its hand. What will you do? (Take the gemstone away (1) OR Ignore the gemstone and continue your adventure (2)?)
Take the gemstone away (1) You forcefully break the skeleton's hand and pick up the gem. That's when you feel a powerful force, and then you pass out. Waking up you find that you are outside the house. The jewel in your hand has disappeared. You are escaped!
continue your adventure (2) continue to part three




Part Three
You continue your adventure. At this point, you find a dusty bookshelf. There are many books on the shelf. What will you do? (Pick up a random book from the bookshelf (1) OR continue you adventure (2)?)
Pick up a random book(1): move to Part 4
continue you adventure (2): You couldn't find any and you had to go back to look for clues. Select your clues(Golden box(1) OR Coffin(2) OR Bookshelf(3))
Open the golden box (1) You walk back to the golden box. You pick up the key, and all of a sudden, dozens of small spiders crawled out from under the box. What will you do? (Will you stomp them to death (1) OR Run away (2)?)
Stomp Spider (1) More little spiders crawl out from under the box and devour you. You are death!
Run from Box (2) You turn around and run frantically toward the stairs. At this point, you find the basement door is locked, you kick the door hard, but unfortunately the door is too strong. Just when you are desperate, you find that the basement becomes very quiet. So, you walked down the stairs in fear. You find that the boxes and spiders have disappeared. What will you do? (Coffin(2) OR Bookshelf(3)?)

Open Coffin (1) You return to the coffin and open the coffin. You find a human skeleton. The human skeleton is holding a green gemstone tightly in its hand. What will you do? (Take the gemstone away or (1) OR pick up a book from bookshelf (2)?)
Take the gemstone away (1) You forcefully break the skeleton's hand and pick up the gem. That's when you feel a powerful force, and then you pass out. Waking up you find that you are outside the house. The jewel in your hand has disappeared. You are escaped!
pick up a book from bookshelf (2): Move to part 4





Part four
You pick up a book. Suddenly, a violent vibration comes from under your feet. The floor you were stepping on with both feet suddenly opened and you fell. You get up from the ground. Fortunately, you are not injured. You look around and see a ritual platform is placed in the middle of the room. There is a large chalice on the ritual platform, but other than that there is nothing else in the room. You walk over to the ritual platform, and you notice that there a key-shaped groove carved out of the base of the chalice. What will you do? (Put the key into the groove (1) OR Take up the chalice (2)?)

Put the key into the groove (1) The stone walls on the left opens up an exit, which you find is a stone stairway. You walk over to try to find out the end of the passage and you see a beautiful starry sky. You know this is the way to outside, so you walk up the stair…
Take up the chalice (2) Countless small spiders crawl up from the ground, you run away in fear, however, you find that you have no way to escape, and finally you are swallowed by the spider swarm.


